Modify script to load a cassette (#8)
redhat-exd-rebuilds/freshmaker: dev_scripts/README.md

By default, the script is executed on prod. To execute the script on dev the parameter `--dev` 
should be added.

###find_images_to_rebuild

This script can be used to find images to rebuild by Errata Id Event. With the argument 

> `--container-images` can be set  list of NVRs of images to rebuild otherwise will rebuild all images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--container-image` can be used to provide the NVRs of images to rebuild. If not specified, all images will be rebuilt that are
```

> affected by the advisory. With the argument `--cassette_path` can be set a path to the recorded 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
affected by the advisory. With the argument `--cassette-path` can be set a path to the recorded 
```

> affected by the advisory. With the argument `--cassette_path` can be set a path to the recorded 
> cassette downloaded from the Freshmaker production instance rather than querying Lightblue directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
affected by the advisory. The `--cassette-path` argument can be set to the path to a recorded 
cassette downloaded from the Freshmaker production. This will use the recorded Lightblue queries
instead of querying Lightblue directly.
```

 
 Example usage:
       

>        python3 find_images_to_rebuild.py 53137

Reviewer: How about using ```bash for each of these?

Reviewer: Please remember to change `cassette_path` to `cassette-path`.

>        python3 find_images_to_rebuild.py 53137
>        OR
>        python3 find_images_to_rebuild.py 53137 --cassette_path ~/vcr_test/fixtures/cassettes/1.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
python3 find_images_to_rebuild.py 53137
```
```bash
python3 find_images_to_rebuild.py 53137 --cassette_path ~/vcr_test/fixtures/cassettes/1.yml
```
